Use CUB by default (#6549)
cupy/cupy: docs/source/user_guide/performance.rst

In any case, we recommend to perform some benchmarks to determine whether CUB/cuTENSOR offers
better performance or not.

.. note::

>    CuPy v11 and above uses CUB by default. If you sets ``CUPY_ACCELERATORS=""`` it will be disabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   CuPy v11 and above uses CUB by default. To turn it off, you need to explicitly specify the environment variable ``CUPY_ACCELERATORS=""``.
```
